It's better to be something important.
Mr. Hawthorne, the business department is an uproar.
So, can't some her handle it?
She started it.
Her and Mr. Clark are trying to fire Mrs. Hawthorne.
Let's go.
Amelia, it's okay.
They clearly just want someone to blame for this entire thing.
So what should we do then?
Allow them to push all the blame onto you?
Ms. Hart? Mr. Clark?
I'll step down from my position,
but I will never admit to mistakes that I didn't make.
I will get down to the bottom of this.
You're shameless.
The evidence is right here.
Where do you get the nerve to deny it?
Besides the project book, there's also surveillance footage
in our computer backend logs.
All of these will prove that my budget was correct,
and I will investigate this until the end.
There is no need for an investigation.
You have already been fired.
Since you refuse to leave, security?
And track her out.
Alisa, you dare to seduce the man I like when I'm not around?
You'll never sit for him often, you ever again.
Summer? What are you doing?